Those topologies, those models they can
learn a lot of things by just gonna
doing that propagation, this training.
And it's gonna now next level how you take
those models and do something with them.
For instance,
another interesting example is
combination of different neural networks.
For instance, you can have convolutional
neural network, which is used for
processing images and
some type of recurrent neural networks,
which are used for data series,
for instance, sound.
Waveform, right, is just the amplitudes or
kinda change in pressure if we're
talking physics in the air,
but it can be just record
it as your data series.
You can do the prediction using
convolutional neural network
to basically see what is you're
looking at on the image.
And with select indications, you can even
predict the location of those objects.
With RNN, so you can simply analyze text.
And combining those together
by mixing them together,
what you can do,
you can actually create the smart system
which will analyze the question
pretty used by user, right?
So for instance just some
question can be fit into RNN.
And our model, so in this case,
this model now is the combination
of those simpler models,
can try to give you an answer.
So for instance you can ask what
color of the house I'm looking at.
And CNN will analyze the image,
will locate the house and
will actually even find the color and
the answer will be blue or
brown, [LAUGH] or whatever.
So you can kind of combine now
those parts and pieces and
the training will be similar.
You will need to provide a lot of
questions, corresponding images and
corresponding answer, what your model
shoots give you as the results.
So for instance, in the example I've used,
it will just tell you blue,
something like that.
And with backpropagation, you will
retrain convolutional neural networks and
recurrent neural networks on
the scan aggregator to figure
out what should be the answers
depending on the question.
So you can combine those parts and pieces.
And for me,
that is what I probably gonna call AI.
So, yes.
>> So are these two different models and
are they specializing in different-
>> Types of data?
>> Exactly.
>> So then could you have a model
that let's say visualizes or
can see, take camera and
then a model that processes sound?
>> Yes, absolutely.
>> Like your eyes and your ears and
another model that processes temperature.
>> Yes, so I put question here as
the text but it can be sounds.
Sound will be processed by
recurrent neural networks
You just need to have
tons of training data.
So it means that, for
instance for this system, but
then what should be our output?
What do we want to predict?
>> So let's say we're out in the world and
we have hardware that
can pull in that data and
feed it in real time to the models,
could predict whether that thing
there's a duck based on the sounds and
the-
>> Just the label but
then you don't need the sound.
Although, yes if you wants
to have almost like a system
which will use additional
source of information and
in this case, sound as well,
yes, absolutely.
But I'm just saying that your system
at the end will just produce the label,
right, if we're looking at the dark or
not dark.
But you can do so much more.
So as I said, [LAUGH] no,
I'm not talking about shooting the duck,
we're not talking about
automated robots killing stuff.
It is possible but
I'm against it, completely.
Yeah, it's also deregulated, okay?
But the thing is, yes,
with all of those building blocks,
you can almost mimic or
replicate intelligence.
So answering questions,
it's somehow in my brain,
at least,
associated with the intelligence.
If you can answer my question,
it means that he knows something, right?
And this knowledge, understanding
what first of all I'm asking you,
and providing the answer yet behind
the scenes it's just weights and biases.
But at the same time,
those models starts, for instance,
with text that I will show you.
Somehow by still modifying with
just those weights and biases,
figuring out the relationship
between objects in our world.
So in word embedding, for
instance, that's the trick used.
If you kinda visualize this
multi dimensional space,
the distance and
kinda the direction between two words,
let's say, man and boy,
will be the same as
the direction between, for
instance, woman and girl.
And just because the alignment,
so somehow and
once again,
there are gonna be pretty cool demo there.
Our system figuring out their relationship
between different objects and
it's learning by itself just
by looking at the text.
So yes, for me that's AI,
the combination of multiple kind
of building blocks originally more or
less kinda simple ideas.
But now you can create something
really incredible out of it.